c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1\serialize_1\bin\Debug\serialize_1.exe.config
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1\serialize_1\bin\Debug\serialize_1.exe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1\serialize_1\bin\Debug\serialize_1.pdb
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1\serialize_1\obj\Debug\serialize_1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1\serialize_1\obj\Debug\serialize_1.Form1.resources
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1\serialize_1\obj\Debug\serialize_1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1\serialize_1\obj\Debug\serialize_1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1\serialize_1\obj\Debug\serialize_1.exe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1\serialize_1\obj\Debug\serialize_1.pdb
C:\Users\Student\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1 - 복사본\serialize_1\bin\Debug\serialize_1.exe.config
C:\Users\Student\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1 - 복사본\serialize_1\obj\Debug\serialize_1.exe
C:\Users\Student\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1 - 복사본\serialize_1\obj\Debug\serialize_1.pdb
C:\Users\Student\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1 - 복사본\serialize_1\bin\Debug\serialize_1.exe
C:\Users\Student\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1 - 복사본\serialize_1\bin\Debug\serialize_1.pdb
C:\Users\Student\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1 - 복사본\serialize_1\obj\Debug\serialize_1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Student\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1 - 복사본\serialize_1\obj\Debug\serialize_1.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Student\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1 - 복사본\serialize_1\obj\Debug\serialize_1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Student\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Serialize_1 - 복사본\serialize_1\obj\Debug\serialize_1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\객체지향 윈도우즈 연습\forthteen_week\Serialize-1\Serialize_1 - 복사본\serialize_1\bin\Debug\serialize_1.exe.config
E:\객체지향 윈도우즈 연습\forthteen_week\Serialize-1\Serialize_1 - 복사본\serialize_1\obj\Debug\serialize_1.exe
E:\객체지향 윈도우즈 연습\forthteen_week\Serialize-1\Serialize_1 - 복사본\serialize_1\obj\Debug\serialize_1.pdb
